having the power, skill, means, or opportunity to do something.
on the subject of, concerning.
a report or description of an event or experience.
sharp-tasting or sour.
from one side to the other of a place, area, etc.
take action, do something.
sum 
the process of adapting or becoming used to a new situation.
announcement in a public medium promoting a product or a service.
behind.
repeat it.
in opposition.
harmony or accordance in opinion or feeling.
necessary for breathing.
everything.
not quite, very nearly.
situated more or less centrally in relation to (several other things).
a quantity of something.
the state or experience of finding something funny.
a conjunction
a measure of the inclination
feeling or showing strong annoyance
living organism
what you are giving to me?
a small insect 
used to refer to one or some of a thing or number of things
the complex structure of a particular organization or system.
a for ______
acceptance
the inner side of the foot
an exchange of diverging or opposite views
each of the two upper limbs of the human body from the shoulder to the hand.
an organized military force equipped for fighting on land.
works produced by human creative skill and imagination.
adverb
preposition
act against 
make an effort
notice taken of someone or something
the action or power of evoking interest in or liking for someone or something.
the power or right to give orders
working by itself 
stop sleeping, wake from sleep
a very young child.
the spine of a person or animal
of poor quality or a low standard.
a piece of luggage.
an even distribution of weight enabling someone or something to remain upright and steady.
a spherical object or mass of material.
a flat, thin strip or loop of material.
the lowest part or edge of something
a bowl for washing
a container used to hold or carry things
a large container for water, used for immersing and washing the body.
pleasing the senses or mind aesthetically.
for the reason
a piece of furniture for sleep or rest
a stinging winged insect which collects nectar and pollen, produces wax and honey, and lives in large communities.
during the period of time preceding a particular event or time.
the way in which one acts or conducts oneself, especially towards others.
an acceptance that something exists or is true, especially one without proof.
a hollow metal object that sounds when struck
sharply curved or having an angle.
small roundish juicy fruit without a stone.
in the interval separating two points on a scale.
do you know aves
the beginning or coming into existence of something.
a small piece
use the teeth to cut into or through something.
how does a bitter guard tastes?
the very darkest colour
the flat cutting edge of a knife
the red liquid which comes out due to an injury.
move creating an air current.
a colour
on which thing your teacher teaches you.
used to cross a water body.
a corpse
extremely hot
a corpse or skeleton
the ultimate source of knowledge
a covering to protect the legs.
a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck
complete it :- "Think out of the ______".
male kid
einstein has a big ______.
used to stop a moving vehicle.
a part of a tree which grows out from the trunk or from a bough.
a yellow alloy of copper and zinc.
food made of flour, water, and yeast mixed together and baked.
the air taken into or expelled from the lungs.
a small rectangular block typically made of fired or sun-dried clay, used in building.
a structure carrying a road, path, railway, etc. across a river, road, or other obstacle.
full of light.
despairing
your father's son
of a colour produced by mixing red, yellow, and blue, as of dark wood or rich soil.
an act of sweeping, applying, or arranging with a brush or with one's hand.
used to store water 
a structure with a roof and walls, such as a house or factory.
the source of light in your house.
be in flames
be so full as almost to break open.
a person's regular occupation, profession, or trade.
conjunction
a pale yellow edible fatty substance made by churning cream and used as a spread or in cooking.
an element of a graphical user interface which a user can select to perform a particular action.
preposition
you eat this on your birthday.
a device for recording visual images in the form of photographs, film, or video signals.
a strong, coarse unbleached cloth made from hemp, flax, or a similar yarn, used to make items such as sails and tents and as a surface for oil painting.
a piece of thick, stiff paper or thin pasteboard, in particular one used for writing or printing on.
the provision of what is necessary for the health, welfare, maintenance, and protection of someone or something.
any of the separate sections of a train that carry passengers.
a strong open vehicle with two or four wheels, typically used for carrying loads and pulled by a horse.
a wild animal of the cat family.
a person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or condition.
able to be firmly relied on to happen or be the case.
a series of linked metal rings used for fastening or securing something, or for pulling loads.
a substance (calcium sulphate) that is made into white or coloured sticks for writing or drawing.
a possibility of something happening.
become different, be altered or modified.
charging low prices.
a food made from the pressed curds of milk, firm and elastic or soft and semi-liquid in texture.
used in labs
the front surface of a person's or animal's body between the neck and the stomach.
a leader or ruler of a people or clan.